103

where you are more likely to die in the car on the way to the COVID testing center than you are from the virus
where my bill gates impression could still use some work

"The Social Dilemma" review
advice:
    no social media before high school
    no devices in the bedroom after a certain hour (eg: half hour before bed)
    talk to kids about a time budget
    NEVER click on a recommendation - always choose your YT video

Raspberry Pi death flash (2015)
    https://www.raspberrypi.org/blog/xenon-death-flash-a-free-physics-lesson/
    Pi shuts down when exposed to high-frequency pulse such as xenon camera bulb or laser pointer
        due to photoelectric effect
    WL-CSP package: a bare silicon die with solder balls attached
        chip marked U16 on a Pi 2, between USB power and HDMI port

Faceboook can't win - censors left-leaning sites too (according to gizmodo/WSJ)
    https://gizmodo.com/with-zucks-blessing-facebook-quietly-stymied-traffic-t-1845403484
    in reaction to criticism about right-leaning censorship - wanted to appear unbiased
    (maybe don't censor?)
    Reportedly affected: Mother Jones
    "Facebook’s been caught coddling right-leaning outlets and pages several times in the company’s bid 
        to appear unbiased, lest it set off the frothing conservative mob out for its head over baseless 
        claims of anti-conservative censorship." -- Alyse Stanley, Gizmodo

Cuomo steps up the dystopian vibe
    https://abcnews.go.com/US/ny-shuts-10000-person-wedding-cuomo-reveals-covid/story?id=73671721
    "micro cluster strategy" - Rockland cty sherriff halts 10k person wedding in Brooklyn
    "We have data so specific that we can't show it because it could violate privacy conditions. 
        We know exactly where the new cases are coming from." - Cuomo
    "A cluster signifies a lack of compliance, common sense. The only answer is more enforcement"

Five Eyes plus India, Japan renew call for backdoors
    https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/five-eyes-repeat-encryption/
    https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/international-statement-end-end-encryption-and-public-safety
    They still seem to think the tech companies just aren't trying hard enough.
    "Encryption is an existential anchor of trust in the digital world and we do not support counter-productive 
        and dangerous approaches that would materially weaken or limit security systems."
    "Particular implementations of encryption technology, however, pose significant challenges to public safety,
        including to highly vulnerable members of our societies like sexually exploited children."
    want to ban end-to-end encryption (they call it "warrant-proof encryption")
        1) Because it "severely undermines company's own ability to identify and respond to violations of their ToS"
            (again mention child exploitation)
        2) Because it keeps law enforcement out.  "protect national security, where there is lawful authority to do so"
    "child" or "children" appears 13 times in the two-page release
    "However, we challenge the assertion that public safety cannot be protected without compromising privacy 
        or cybersecurity. We strongly believe that approaches protecting each of these important values are 
        possible and strive to work with industry to collaborate on mutually agreeable solutions."

