162

2021-05-21

where the pandemic may be ending, but the constitutional violations will be continuing indefinitely
dog folder to show notes

San Francisco Walgreens leaves town
    https://www.sfchronicle.com/local-politics/article/Out-of-control-Organized-crime-drives-S-F-16175755.php
    "brazen" roving shoplifting gangs
        burglaries up YOY in nearly all SF neighborhoods
    17 Walgreens locations shut over the last five years
        "chain spends 35x more on security guards in SF than elsewhere"
        12 SF stores = 8% of sales, but 42% of losses
    "CVS and Walgreens said they train employees to be engaged and visible to prevent theft, but to not confront 
        thieves directly when it could turn violent."
    "Officials agreed that different responses were needed depending on why someone was committing a crime." 
        "clients charged with shoplifting are not part of organized crime, but are homeless or struggling with 
        substance abuse and need more services." - San Francisco Deputy Public Defender Doug Welch

Google adds secret dogs folder to Photos app
    https://debugger.medium.com/google-just-revolutionized-your-nudes-but-wont-admit-it-25f3a8464dfc
        from @ITM@noagendasocial by way of AbleKirby
    Hides folder behind PIN or biometric (thumbprint)
    Images in folder don't show up in photo roll
    "This feature would’ve been helpful for me last year when we surprised our kids with a new puppy, and we needed 
        to hide the photos before we brought Splash home,” - Jen Fitzpatrick, google exec
    News articles talk about "sensitive photos"

PA voters approved constitutional amendments to limit Gov's emergency powers
    https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/p/ar-BB1gV9gE
    Two admendments
        * End governor's emergency declaration after 21 days (previously 90 days, extendable indefinitely)
        * Only legislature can extend it past that with simple majority (previously 2/3)
    NY did this before

followup on motorcycle airbags
    "when you buy a device to potentially save your life, then you don't want ANY code in the device at all,
        that might tell it to stop working deliberately." 
        - Louis Rossmann, right-to-repair youtuber
    "you missed another scenario of when that Moto GP airbag fails to connect the app to the company. When 
        those guys forget to renew their damn SSL certificate 😀"
        - Srinivas Murty

SCOTUS rules police can't perform warrantless searches of your home in Caniglia v. Strom
    https://www.scotusblog.com/2021/05/in-unanimous-fourth-amendment-ruling-a-reminder-that-there-is-in-fact-no-place-like-home/
    duh
    Aug 2015 Edward Caniglia (RI) argues with wife, offers unloaded gun and says "put me out of my misery"
        She left.  Next morning, she called cops on him
        Cops kidnapped him for "psychological evaluation"
            which was clean
        While he was out, police searched his home and seized all of his firearms
    1st circuit sided with cops citing Cady v. Dombrowsky 1973
        "community caretaking" = allowed police to search a drunk's car after an accident for keys to get it off the road
    SCOTUS unanimous.  Opinion by Thomas
        "If police do not have the homeowner’s consent, an “exigent” circumstance, or a judicial warrant authorizing 
            a search, then no version of Cady’s car exception applies to police entry into the home under the Fourth Amendment.
        “What is reasonable for vehicles is different from what is reasonable for homes,”
    Roberts in concurring opinion: 
        "Warrantless entries into the home are justified where there is “an objectively reasonable basis for 
            believing that medical assistance was needed, or persons were in danger.”"
    Kavanaugh in concurring opinion:
        "[T]he Court’s exigency precedents, as I read them, permit warrantless entries when police officers have an 
        objectively reasonable basis to believe that there is a current, ongoing crisis for which it is reasonable to 
        act now … If someone is at risk of serious harm and it is reasonable for officers to intervene now, that is enough for the officers to enter."
    so from now on, officers just have to claim that they heard someone scream...

