25-MinimumWage

left coast where the high cost of living doesn't seem to be affecting its popularity

where the wages are up, the hours are down, the workers are living on the streets, and everybody is equal

Whole Foods workers, after cheering Amazon's company-wide increase of the minimum wage to $15,
suddenly found their hours being slashed by as much as half, resulting in making less money than before.
The kind of economics-in-action that socialists like to keep their head in the sand about.  
Of course they just blame it on "greedy management".  That's much easier than acknowledging economic realities.

Seattle study: Ordinance raised minimum wage to $11 in 2015 and $13 in 2016.  Conclusion of the study
hours worked reduced by 6-7%, while hourly wages increased by 3%.  So total payroll decreased, and average
take-home pay decreased by $74/month

Incentivizes low-income youth to drop out of school, lowering their future earnings

"racism" angle

Job "market".  Employers competing for labor

Min wage was created to exclude "undesirables"

Quotes:
  "It is much better to enact a minimum-wage law even if it deprives these unfortunates of work.
  Better that the state should support the inefficient wholly and prevent the multiplication of 
  the breed than subsidize incompetence and unthrift, enabling them to bring forth more of their kind." 
  -- Royal Meeker, Princeton scholar and labor commissioner to Woodrow Wilson, Political Science Quarterly v.25
  
  "How to deal with the unemployable?” asked economist Frank Taussig. They “should simply be stamped out."
  "We have not reached the stage where we can proceed to chloroform them once and for all; but at least they 
  can be segregated, shut up in refuges and asylums, and prevented from propagating their kind…" 
  -- F.W. Taussig, Principles of Economics vol.1
  
  "Imbecility breeds imbecility as certainly as white hens breed white chickens; and under laissez-faire imbecility 
  is given full chance to breed, and does so in fact at a rate far superior to that of able stocks." 
  
  "The operation of the minimum wage requirement would merely extend the definition of defectives to embrace all
  individuals, who even after having received special training, remain incapable of adequate self-support…..
  If we are to maintain a race that is to be made up of capable, efficient and independent individuals and family
  groups we must courageously cut off lines of heredity that have been proved to be undesirable by isolation
  or sterilization . . . ."
  -- Henry Rogers Seager, Columbia University scholar and future American Economic Association president

Failed socialism experiments: 
  Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, Albania, Poland, Vietnam, Bulgaria, Romania, Czechoslovakia,
  North Korea, Hungary, China, East Germany, Cuba, Tanzania, Benin, Laos, Algeria, South Yemen,
  Somalia, the Congo, Ethiopia, Cambodia, Mozambique, Angola, Nicaragua and Venezuela

Socialism feeds on envy, and thus always has a natural home among working class individuals who think they 
work harder than the upper class, and academics who think that they are smarter than the upper class.
And in a disaffected age, it is perhaps strongest of all among self-hating members of the upper class, 
who can support socialism to obtain the illusion of virtue. -- phaethon0@reddit

It's a combination of magical thinking, low key narcissism, and the sunk cost fallacy. -- drainedsoul@reddit




