72

from the 76th most populous county in the US, here on America's left coast

from just outside the Seattle left coast autonomous zone, but time will tell if it's far enough outside

(Will county IL is #98)

From the total lack of surprise dept: TikTok app is spying on you
    https://www.tomsguide.com/uk/news/ios-14-just-caught-tiktok-spying-on-millions-of-iphone-users
    iphone clipboard vulnerability has been known since February
        tiktok was fingered then, but denied it
    iOS 14 beta has a security watchdog - tells users when an app reads the clipboard
        Now tiktok says it was an anti-spam feature
        Still no fix, but everyone expects tiktok will change their app  (but only on ios)
    Apple has a "Universal clipboard" function, so anything you copy on mac or ipad can be read by iphone apps
        password managers?

Microsoft closing all retail stores
    https://www.ibtimes.com/microsoft-close-all-retail-stores-permanently-3002383
    focusing on digital stores
    "stores were likely inspired by Apple stores"  aka ripped off
    realized after everything got closed by the lockdown, that they didn't need them

Windows 10 mail randomly losing gmail messages
    https://hothardware.com/news/windows-10-mail-nuking-gmail-here-quick-fixes
    There is a fix: Get off gmail.  They're spying on you and selling everything in your mail to the highest bidder
    other fix: create a new filter to "never send to spam"

Gov't planting cyanide bombs
    https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/jun/26/cyanide-bombs-wildfire-services-idaho





24. Psychologists use the term “socialization” to designate the process by which children are trained to think 
and act as society demands. A person is said to be well socialized if he believes in and obeys the moral code of
his society and fits in well as a functioning part of that society. 

25. The moral code of our society is so demanding that no one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way. 
For example, we are not supposed to hate anyone, yet almost everyone hates somebody at some time or other, 
whether he admits it to himself or not. Some people are so highly socialized that the attempt to think, feel 
and act morally imposes a severe burden on them. In order to avoid feelings of guilt, they continually have 
to deceive themselves about their own motives and find moral explanations for feelings and actions that in 
reality have a non-moral origin. We use the term “oversocialized” to describe such people. [2]